hi there this is Ranjit from tech to
bascomb and in this video I am going to
do the unboxing of this wireless
ethernet adapter from issues known as
the EA and 66 and it looks like modern
Brahman and it has actually three modes
you can use it like a access point as a
Ethernet adapter or just like a normal
repeater and this can work in both bands
that's two point four and five minutes
but it's not concurrent and it supports
high speeds up to 450 megabits on each
2.4 and the 5 gigahertz actually this
model is ideal companion for the Asus
router called the N 66u that I had
reviewed earlier you can check the link
for more info and this is how actually
the product looks so let's quickly and
watch the same and again this is not a
budget device is a premium device and it
retails for about five thousand nine
hundred this is the actual device itself
and as you can see it's pretty sleek we
have the ethernet poe boot again it's a
Gigabit Ethernet port power adapter and
Asus logo over here nothing at the
bottom lots of vents and let's see what
else do we get in the box and we do get
a power adapter nothing special and we
also get a flash time Ethernet cable and
some documentation and you also get this
small booklet about this product and as
I said we can use this product in three
different modes the first one is the
access point mode wait for example let's
say you just have your what do you say a
wireless router or a standard router you
can connect to this and that thereby you
can get a Wi-Fi connection you can also
use it like a Ethernet adapter and in
this mode let's assume that you have an
old computer which does not have Wi-Fi
and now you want to ship that computer a
different place and in that different
place you can't put a Ethernet cable you
just connect this device and set it in
the what do you say
Ethernet and after mode and thereby it
will provide Internet can
to that desktop this device will pull
the wireless connection and converted to
a standard internet mode that's the
internet at after mode and the last mode
it can also act as a repeater mode where
you can use this device to increase the
Wi-Fi range of your Wi-Fi network so
this is the quick unboxing of this SOC
and 66 wireless internet adapter I'll be
testing this product for the next couple
of weeks so if you have any questions
about this product do let me know in the
comment section that's it for now this
is Randy from tech to bhaskar and I'll
see you in my next video